Xiao Yingfeng reported his name to Liyuanding
Ancestor self-destruction decision hum
All utilitarian
The ancestor has a heart to pass on your Taoism
I'm afraid there's no legend
Come on, second junior brother
Ancestor disciple Xiao Yinfeng
Ask the ancestor to teach the secret recipe
Humph
Hmph disciple Xiao Yingfeng asked his ancestor to teach him the secret recipe
Hmph, it seems that the ancestor really doesn't like him
Xiao Yingfeng, don't bother
It is a fact that Tianyuan Gate is in water and fire
But the skill is lost
It's a fact.
It's a pity that the next time will be three years later, haha.
Boy makes you arrogant
This is retribution
Even Genting hasn't responded for so long
Even I can't help it
ancestor
I'm right here.
I just found out where this ancestor came from
Anyway, the last time my ancestor appeared was a hundred years ago
I didn't expect it to be so elegant
The old man was shocked by the power of the gods
I had to come out and see what was going on.
Who was in front of the top of the forest garden just now?
It's your mother who wants to joke
In front of the top was my apprentice Xiaoying Feng
It's not that you are a spoiler
That would be you.